Update README (#194)
mistralai/mistral-inference: README.md

- The "coming soon" models will include function calling as well. 
- You can download the previous versions of our models from our [docs](https://docs.mistral.ai/getting-started/open_weight_models/#downloading).

### Usage

> **News!!!**: Mistral-Nemo is live. Read more about the new best small model [here](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-nemo/).

Author: ```suggestion
**News!!!**: Mistral-Nemo is out. Read more about the new best small model in town [here](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-nemo/).
```
